update plugin owner expectations (#650)
redhat-developer/rhdh-plugins: CONTRIBUTING.md

Each plugin/package has its own API Report which means you might see more than one file updated or created depending on your changes. These changes will then need to be committed as well.

## Submitting a Pull Request

When you've got your contribution working, tested, and committed to your branch it's time to create a Pull Request (PR). If you are unsure how to do this GitHub's [Creating a pull request from a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) documentation will help you with that.

## Plugin Owner Responsibilities

> [!NOTE]

> > To carry out your responsibilities as a plugin owner, you will need write access to the repository. If you are a plugin owner and do not have write access, please reach out to one of the repository admins.

Reviewer: wdyt about linking the team here:

```suggestion
> To carry out your responsibilities as a plugin owner, you will need write access to the repository. If you are a plugin owner and do not have write access, please reach out to one of the [repository maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/redhat-developer/teams/rhdh-plugins-maintainers).
```
